added procedure docs (#8158)
inmanta/inmanta-core: docs/lsm/embedded_entities/embedded_entities.rst

This depends on the lifecycle and which direction we are moving: are we updating or rolling back.

It also depends on if an instance are being validated or not. When doing a compile when the instance is in a validtion state, if the instance is not being validated, it pretends to be before the update.
If the instance is being validated, it pretends to be in or after the update. 

The ``lsm::all()`` plugin derives this from the attributes:

* previous_attr_set_on_validate
* previous_attr_set_on_export

The domain of valid values for these attributes is [``"candidate"``, ``"active"``, ``"rollback"``, ``null``].

The following logic is used to determine which is the current and which is the previous attribute set

================================= ================================== =================== 
instance is being validate         previous                            current            
================================= ================================== =================== 
instance is being validate        ``previous_attr_set_on_validate``   ``validate_self``  

> instance is not being validated   ``previous_attr_set_on_export``     active_attributes  

Author: it was, but perhaps it is not very clear/consistent?

> instance is not being validated   ``previous_attr_set_on_export``     active_attributes  

Reviewer: I see, what about `"active" attribute set`? (Not a strong opinion, can be ignored)

  state                 validating   current attributes   previous attributes   is like   operation since is like  
====================== ============ ==================== ===================== ========= ========================= 
  up                                                                                                               
  update_start                                                                                                     
  update_start          yes                                                                                        
  update_rejected                                                                                                  
  update_acknowledged                                                                                              
  update_inprogress                                                                                                
  rollback                                                                                                         
====================== ============ ==================== ===================== ========= ========================= 

> 3. Fill in states before the update and where we are actually performing the update or rollback. The ``current`` attribute will always be ``active`` and ``previous`` depends on the direction we are moving in. For the ``up`` state, we are no updating, so there is no ``previous``. For updates ``previous`` is always ``rollback`` (the old active state has been promoted to the ``rollback`` set) for a rollback scenarios, the ``previous`` attributes are always ``candidate``.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Fill in states before the update and states where we are actually deploying the update. The ``current attributes`` will always be ``active`` and ``previous attributes`` depends on the direction we are moving in. For the ``up`` state, we are not updating, so there is no ``previous attributes``. For updates, ``previous attributes`` is always ``rollback`` (the old active set has been promoted to the ``rollback`` set). For rollback scenarios, the ``previous attributes`` are always ``candidate``.
```

====================== ============ ==================== ===================== ========= ========================= 
  state                 validating   current attributes   previous attributes   is like   operation since is like  
====================== ============ ==================== ===================== ========= ========================= 

>   up                                 active               -                                                        

Reviewer: Renders like a bullet list with a single dash
```suggestion
  up                                 active               --                                                       
```

  update_rejected                                                                                                  
  update_acknowledged                                                                                              
  update_inprogress                  active               rollback                                                 
  rollback                           active               candidate                                                
====================== ============ ==================== ===================== ========= ========================= 

4. for each state that remains, indicate which other state it pretends to be like: the state prior to the update or the state after the update. Also add all operations performed between the state and the state it is like.

====================== ============ ==================== ===================== =================== ========================= 
  state                 validating   current attributes   previous attributes   is like             operation since is like  
====================== ============ ==================== ===================== =================== ========================= 

>   up                                 active               -                     -                   -                        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  up                                 active               --                    --                  --                       
```

>   update_start                                                                  up                  -                        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  update_start                                                                  up                  --                       
```

>   update_start          yes                                                     update_inprogress   promote/backwards        

Reviewer: I still don't fully grasp it but I think I have to live with it for now

>   update_rejected                                                               up                  -                        
>   update_acknowledged                                                           up                  -                        
>   update_inprogress                  active               rollback              -                   -                        
>   rollback                           active               candidate             -                   -                        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  update_rejected                                                               up                  --                       
  update_acknowledged                                                           up                  --                       
  update_inprogress                  active               rollback              --                  --                       
  rollback                           active               candidate             --                  --                       
```

====================== ============ ==================== ===================== =================== ========================= 

5. Copy over the state of the ``is like`` column and apply the operations.

====================== ============ ==================== ===================== =================== ========================= 
  state                 validating   current attributes   previous attributes   is like             operation since is like  
====================== ============ ==================== ===================== =================== ========================= 

>   up                                 active               -                     -                   -                        
>   update_start                       active               -                     up                  -                        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  up                                 active               --                    --                  --                       
  update_start                       active               --                    up                  --                       
```

>   up                                 active               -                     -                   -                        
>   update_start                       active               -                     up                  -                        
>   update_start          yes          candidate            active                update_inprogress   promote/backwards        
>   update_rejected                    active               -                     up                  -                        
>   update_acknowledged                active               -                     up                  -                        
>   update_inprogress                  active               rollback              -                   -                        
>   rollback                           active               candidate             -                   -                        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  up                                 active               -                     -                   -                        
  update_start                       active               -                     up                  -                        
  update_start          yes          candidate            active                update_inprogress   promote/backwards        
  update_rejected                    active               --                    up                  --                       
  update_acknowledged                active               --                    up                  --                       
  update_inprogress                  active               rollback              --                  --                       
  rollback                           active               candidate             --                  --                       
```

====================== ============ ==================== ===================== =================== ========================= 

6. Finally, translate to the state variables as follows:

>    1. on all non-validating state, current attributes should be ``active``

Reviewer: This is not something that can be set in the State, right ? Is this more something to check the integrity of this table before using it to define the states ?
I don't understand the added value of this line.

Author: It is to check you have something that makes sense and that is also  its value. 

```suggestion
   1. on all non-validating state, current attributes should be ``active``. If it is not, either you made a mistake or the state tracking plugin can't be used for this feature and you will have to build one yourself. 
```

>    1. on all non-validating state, current attributes should be ``active``

Reviewer: What about this, if it is more of a checklist type step: ? 
```suggestion
   1. For all non-validating states, double check that ``current_attributes==active``
```

>    2. on all non-validating state, set ``previous_attr_set_on_export`` to the value of ``previous attributes``
>    3. on all validating states ``current_attributes==state.validate_self``
>    4. on all validating states, ``previous_attr_set_on_validate`` to the value of ``previous attributes``
>    5. the same on the associated ``_failed`` states

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. For all non-validating states, set ``previous_attr_set_on_export`` to the value of ``previous attributes``
   3. For all validating states, double check that ``current_attributes==state.validate_self``
   4. For all validating states, set ``previous_attr_set_on_validate`` to the value of ``previous attributes``
   5. Perform the same operations on the associated ``_failed`` states
```

>    5. Perform the same operations on the associated ``_failed`` states

Reviewer: I like the explicit meaning of the checks
```suggestion
   5. Perform the same operations on the associated ``_failed`` states

If any of the checks above failed, either you made a mistake or the state tracking plugin can't be used for this feature and you will have to build one yourself. 
```
